Ruby and Docker (#108)
anycable/anycable-rails: CHANGELOG.md

## master

> - Require a minimum version of Ruby when installing the gem. ([@bibendi][])

Reviewer: Please, add shortcut definition to the end of the file (currently, `@bibendi` link leads nowhere).

> - Add ability developing the gem in Docker. ([@bibendi][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ability to develop the gem with Docker. ([@bibendi][])
```
